# SCN
This repository contains all the files for the Scholarly Communication Notebook
Welcome to the Scholarly Communication Notebook (SCN)! This is an active community dedicated to gathering diverse models for teaching and learning about scholarly communication. This README file will introduce the project, who we are, and offer you the chance to contribute your own stories and experience.

The Project
The Scholarly Communications Notebook (SCN) is an OER index/repository that will serve as the locus of an active, inclusive, empowered community of practice for teaching scholarly communication to emerging librarians. Practitioners, educators, and students will find and contribute open content concerning foundations and recent developments in scholarly communication topics and methods for developing expertise in responding to those developments. The SCN will serve as a central location for soliciting creation of new resources and as a durable and discoverable location for openly licensed scholarly communication teaching and learning content.

Who We Are
This project is a collaboration among librarians at North Carolina State University Libraries, University of Kansas Libraries, and University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign School of Information Sciences is exploring the need for, and ideal components of, a corpus of open educational resources (OER) for teaching library students and professionals about scholarly communication librarianship. Our project is born in the recognition that even as scholarly communication is ascendant as a core academic librarian competency there is little formal instruction in scholcomm topics and no unified teaching/learning resource that might spur an increase in relevant instruction. As librarians spanning career status (early to established) with a variety of experience within scholarly communication sub-fields, we hope to involve all stakeholders in the creation and maintenance of a living body of openly-licensed content to support the growth of scholcomm and related positions, as well as diffuse scholcomm praxis and values across LIS curricula according to its myriad intersections with other aspects of librarianship. You can read more about the project and our individual bios here: https://lisoer.wordpress.ncsu.edu/about/ 

What You Can Do
If you work, teach, or are interested in scholarly communication, we want to hear from you! This project brings together all types of resources - from lesson plans to videos and codebanks - that can help explain what scholarly communication is and what it can be. If you have something to share, upload it to our repository. If you want to learn about a topic, check out our search page to see what we have. Or feel free to browse around and just see what’s here. 
